Adding storage gloss terms (#335)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/c.adoc

// RHSSO: Added "In Red Hat Single Sign-On,"
[[client]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] client

> *Description*: 1) Generically, a _client_ is an entity, such as a machine, process, service, or application) that uses a service provided by a server. Avoid using "client" to refer to an application that manages configuration of such clients, or to applications, tools, and so on. 2) In Red Hat Single Sign-On, a _client_ is an entity that can request Red Hat Single Sign-On to authenticate a user. Most often, clients are applications and services that want to use Red Hat Single Sign-On to secure themselves and provide a single sign-on solution. Clients are also entities that request identity information or an access token so that they can securely invoke other services on the network that are secured by Red Hat Single Sign-On.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Client_ has multiple meanings, depending on the context:

* Generically, a _client_ is an entity, such as a machine, process, service, or application, that uses a service provided by a server. Avoid using _client_ to refer to an application that manages configuration of such clients or to refer to applications, tools, and so on.

* In Red Hat Single Sign-On, a _client_ is an entity that can request Red Hat Single Sign-On to authenticate a user. Most often, clients are applications and services that want to use Red Hat Single Sign-On to secure themselves and provide a single sign-on solution. Clients are also entities that request identity information or an access token so that they can securely invoke other services on the network that are secured by Red Hat Single Sign-On.
```

- I would suggest breaking these two items into a bulleted list, rather than a numbered list in a single paragraph. A numbered list implies that the two items are steps in procedure even though they are not.
- Replace closing parenthesis with a comma in item 1.
- Italicize the word being defined.

*See also*: xref:client-side-n[client side]

[[clone-n]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] clone (noun)

> *Description*: A full data copy from an existing volume or disk drive to a new volume or disk drive. This is not the same as a virtual machine clone, which copies both storage and configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _clone_ is a full data copy from an existing volume or disk drive to a new volume or disk drive. This process is not the same as a virtual machine clone, which copies both storage and configuration.
```
- add reference term for pronoun in second sentence. "This" what?

*See also*: xref:cloud-n[cloud (noun)]

[[cloud-storage]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] cloud storage (noun)
*Description*: _Cloud storage_ is a method to save, access, and manage data or objects remotely, such as over a network.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[[compression]]
==== image:images/caution.png[with caution] compression (noun)

> *Description*: Use "compression" by itself only after first referring to the specific type of compression, for example, network compression, data compression, migration compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Use _compression_ by itself only after first referring to the specific type of compression, for example, network compression, data compression, migration compression.
```

*See also*: xref:api-server[API server], xref:scheduler[scheduler]

[[control-plane-node]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] control plane node (noun)

> *Description*: For the OpenShift Container Platform, the node that manages other nodes in its Kubernetes cluster and schedules pods to run on nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In OpenShift Container Platform, _control plane node_ refers to the node that manages other nodes in a Kubernetes cluster and that schedules pods to run on nodes.
```

*See also*:

[[controller-node]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] controller node (noun)

> *Description*: The Ansible node from which jobs are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _controller node_ is the Ansible node from which jobs are executed.
```

*See also*:

[[copy-v]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] copy (verb)

> *Description*: The process of creating a duplicate of a file in a different location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: To _copy_ is the process of creating a duplicate of a file in a different location.
```
